Change docker guide link to point to worker tutorial (#10872)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/deployment/storage-guide.md

    - Azure Container Instances - Push
    - Google Cloud Run - Push

> 1. Run `prefect init` in the root of your repository and choose `docker` for the project name and answer the prompts to create a `prefect.yaml` file with a build step that will create a Docker image with the flow code built in. See the [Docker guide](/tutorial/worker/) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `prefect init` in the root of your repository and choose `docker` for the project name and answer the prompts to create a `prefect.yaml` file with a build step that will create a Docker image with the flow code built in. See the [Workers and Work Pools page of the tutorial](/tutorial/worker/) for more info.
```

Reviewer: Looks like it's a link to the tutorial page instead of the guide, so updated the text.

Author: Fixed a typo while you were writing this but it's in the next commit.
